Yes, okay, so here is the problem statement, okay. I am a Salesforce, I'm not a Salesforce DevOps guy, but I'm a DevOps guy, okay. What's happening is, you know, we have a Salesforce project ongoing where our offshore team is the dev team, dev leads and, you know, tech lead and who not, okay. They kept sending PRs with manual twists into with the offshore DevOps guys into the lower environments, like, you know, if they'll comment out code, they'll get, you know, something, you know, like manually tweak smaller PRs to FPLS int environment, okay. Now trial SB is where the UAT and SIT2 has to happen. This is where the bubble burst out, where all of the code had to be packaged together and send as, you know, one or maximum two PRs to the client's UAT org, Salesforce org, which is managed by client's DevOps team. There the pull requests burst out and then we found that there are code intricacies in Salesforce where flex cards are dependent on, you know, IPs, IPs are dependent on something else, you know, something something. So there are, and there are cyclic dependencies, there are complex dependencies because of which it cannot be bundled into one or two PRs. And we have five work streams within, you know, the dev umbrella. So those five work streams, you know, even if I, you know, you can put for one work stream, you might be able to fit it into two PRs. For five work streams with five tech leads, they are saying, no, no, we cannot do that. We need three, four, five pull requests, okay. Now, the dev lead, you know, the top boss in the dev offshore team, he said, Ritesh will create three PRs and, you know, let's circulate this plan with the client, we did, right. Now what I'm hearing is, oh, three would not suffice, we'll need eight, you know, we'll need eight portal requests. So this is where I'm taking it to the leadership team that, you know, it's beyond my, it's not DevOps work firstly. It's, it's dev lead should have been on top of what in three cases, they were, they were building all through. They had no idea. Now they are trying and tested, testing them on trial SB, which is the UAT environment for the client, as if, like, you know, it's like a, you know, home bake, home bakery, like, you know, as if it's like, you know, you're serving to your own family. So as if they do not have experience to, you know, cater to bigger projects with clients involved. So my ask is that, you know, the, the dev work should be reviewed by somebody who is very, uh, you know, uh knowledgeable, who is very, you know, systematic, who knows what he's doing. And I'm, I don't want to sound like a problem, you know, I don't want to sound like anti Hemant guy, like, you know, who's the dev lead boss. I want to sound it like, you know, as a team player who's trying to correct the, the processes where they need to be corrected. Okay, everybody keeps hearing that, oh, DevOps is a problem. DevOps is, no, DevOps, we have already figured out. We have automated what it could be. We have, you know, we are using tools, but the dev, you know, development work is, is out of, out of bundle. So give me all the idioms to put. Give me all the problem statements and also give me a slide to represent this, like, you know, this problem statement, okay? And tell them that, you know, I got arranged her on Wednesday itself, the uh the gear set tool for them, which, which, which the client was building a POC on so that the dev leads can actually see those, you know, dependencies in real time and then start packing them. Until this far, the dev lead has not even shown interest in actually accessing gears set. Rather, he's pushing us to get the gear set access. What will we do if we can see the dependencies, but, you know, people who are trying to package stuff together, which are the dev leads and tech leads, don't even know their dependencies. So put the problem statements in a slide and also give me a blurb to talk through. My meeting is in 20 minutes.
